hello to all we find ourselves in front of a
magic could shiny that I still sinned
faster than I found this week
lounes
he fell after twelve fishing
so I had already tested the oak
card to see if it was always
as fast as on pokemon x and y is
it's always so fast I do not speak
only for magicka javi venta cool
also in 55 fishing so it's very very
fast and there it suits me that it is
fell fast enough because I wanted
have a little gator milk in my
team like on pokemon x and I had
a gladiator so that's it if he's not
if it's that bad in nature it could
come with a team
so let's go I'll send a
huge bowl I redid a little bit
stock since is cool but I have
still not bought kronwall good at
my opinion 8 it will not take 15 8 for
catch
by the way here is one honor bolt
I'm finished a new 10 years sleep
they still must not abuse
it's magic harp
I hesitated to film because good
ip chains at I do not know that much
not look is a lot of people but in
anyway here that I want to list
all me janick I catch on video at
less if I can I do it so yes I
will give a nickname to that it's a
backache and perfect male I
could call him near rage like
on pokemon x is what I had attached
the sinking had tied the stallion
raid rage cool it will only remain
to evolve and for whom his pretty
pick all red
so I said the handles still a peach
to show you the magic larpent
fight even if he is asleep
oh yes yes it's true i do not have no
my pokemon with first seen
I imagine cup
so it does not always catch a
beautiful decidedly and I did not look at her
nature either I'm going to just watch
after if I can fish for you
show magic cup
no good definitely it does not want ok good
it's okay I'll keep it
nature then in addition speed month intec
hockey lah faster is dead at tech good
this one is a shame because he is
played a lot in physical attack but
good it's not worse in point also the
play in attack this pea a little bit
but hey it would have been better if he had
not there if he did not have a drop in
attacks but hey, I'm going
quickly go to the right for you
show that and then I'll do my
small backup and leave you there
I should have healed him
passage but hey it's okay
at the parlor tim ash carpe go
plus it's good because I had
really want to have a bad by
compared to these species of mustache the
female said white mustache
and if it's a male and there mustaches
the same color as his skin actually
so there we are without duration but good
here is the little magic because little connected
not if I'm going to get to manure or not
well it does not matter
the pokemon center is not far from
anyway here you go
hop I'm doing my little backup and I
leave you there
see you very soon then bye bye all
world